Can you get big with bands? See that
question all the time. A lot of people
make declarative statements. Either you
can or can't get big with bands. Now,
I'm going to give you the truth here.
Bands absolutely suck if you're using
them by themselves. The problem with a
band, and I have one here. I'll show
you. If I'm going to do a push-up with a
band and let's say I throw it around my
back and I go to get on the floor in
push-up position, holding the band like
this, the problem is my hand is going to
outwardly rotate because the band wants
to be a circle. The more tension you put
on it, the more it wants to be in its
just natural
shape. It's going to twist your joints.
It's going to hurt you. You won't even
be able to load properly in the stronger
position. But most importantly, the
stretched position, the down position,
that's where the most muscular stimulus
happens. I know been a lot of guys uh
kind of the guru uh internet PhD guys
who've been talking about lengthened
partials and the importance of
lengthened partials. I I think they've
definitely overhyped that issue, but
they're not wrong. any set of anything
that anyone ever did, the stimulus
happened at the bottom. That's where you
go to fatigue. So, you don't want to
ignore that position. With a band, you
can't load that position. Like, it's
just awkward and it hurts. So, bands by
themselves suck.